Documentation improvements (#508)
piskoviste/pisek: docs/task-parts/generator.md

## Terminology
There are two requirements for generators:

- *Generators must be deterministic.* — For the same arguments, they should always generate the same input(s).
- *Generators must respect the seed* — If a generator takes a seed as an argument, the generator should use this seed.

> For different seeds, it should generate different inputs. This can be disabled in the with

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't really clarify anything, in my opinion.
It could also be taken to suggest that unseeded generators should use a different (potentially random?) seed, which is wrong.

```suggestion
- *Generators must respect the seed* — If a generator takes a seed as an argument, the generator should generate different inputs for different seeds. This can be disabled in the with
```
